In this module, we were to determine what campaigns worked best for Louise's play.In order to figure out the best results for fundraising for plays, we needed to create a worksheet that would help us visualize and calculate data to help Louise fund her campaign.The purpose of the worksheet was to grab a bunch of data, such as goal types and budget, and work with it to get various outcomes, so we can determine how much Louise needs to raise and what her budget is for her play.


To help me evaluate theater outcomes, I needed to create formulas and images to help illustrate the results performed. I created one pivot table to filter out the data I wanted to look at such as looking at the year to see the results with the outcome of successful, failed, and canceled plays. I also created another pivot table to see the affect a goal amount can have on a outcome of success, failed, and canceled plays. To visualize the results of my data that I filtered out, I created line graphs. A challenge I had was determining how to calculate the different ranges of goals. At first, I thought I needed to combine the ranges together in the formula such as >=1000,<=4999, but then I realized they were both different data, so I needed to separate it.


We can determine based on the results from the Theater launch dates, that between the months of May and June, plays had a higher success rate when launched. Plays that failed stayed in the middle range and plays that were cancelled didn't have much effect towards Louise's campaign as the results stayed consistent all year.We could determine that if Louise sets a low goal amount, she would have a higher success rate of funding her play. From the results, when we have a goal of less than $1000, we would have a higher probability rate because the number of successful plays were almost close to the total of plays with that set goal. With a goal set higher than $45000, the plays set with that goal amount has a higher chance of failing. Some limitations of this dataset, is that there were multiple plays that we focused on. There were also a variety of categories in Theater such as musicals. Looking at a bunch of data can be overwhelming to determine what the best result is, so narrowing data down can make it easier to focus on what is actually wanted to be known.Although we used line graphs to show the results of our Kickstarter, we can also have used bar graphs for the Theater outcomes based on launch date. Another chart we  could have also used would be a pie chart to show the percentages of the outcomes based on goals. Overall, from looking at the data I calculated for Louise's Kickstarter campaign, we could determine that in order for Louise to have a successful campaign, she would need to set a goal and funding budget low as it would have a higher probability of funding a successful play.
